Now one important note about the update video, what I did there is I actually passed an object id in admin.js
controller to my product constructor.
Now actually I could also just pass product id as a string and therefore remove my object id creation
up there in the mongodb import, all of that is happening in the controller
now and if I do that and I try editing this and change the price to 16,
you see now it fails.
Now if we go to the product model and we have a look at the save method, there I am actually looking
for the right object but I'll have a problem with updating it because there, I'll try to set
my object ID to a different object id to a string because here I'm just referring to this which will hold
the unmodified objectid.
So what I should do is I should automatically convert the objectid, the ID here which is a string to
an object and the object in the constructor
so that I can remove it down there because _id will now always be an object id field, no
matter if I'm using it in a filter or if I'm using it for updating.
So now with that if I edit this again and I change the price to 18, now this works again
because now I'm not trying an invalid update by trying to change the ID to some invalid value.
So this is just an important note I wanted to add,
you don't have to convert the ID in the controller file,
you can leave that untouched but you can do a general conversion in the product.js model file
which is the better approach of doing that.